-Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
-JAX: Two cases,
-high-end rice chow. -You're
gonna meet my dog walker.
-He'll make the final call.
-JAX: Leland.
MAN:
Cops!
Shit.
(gunfire)
(shouts)
If they called that in,
we got to get out of here.
Just go.
ALTHEA:
Eglee took four to the back.
She's alive... for now.
I need to know if you had
anything to do with this.
-Of course we didn't.
-We like Eglee.
(tires screeching)
(explosion)
HAPPY: This wasn't a message,
brother.
It was straight up
retaliation.
-Somebody sold us out to Lin.
-Diosa.
You've been lying to me, man.
That's why all of our girls
are getting stuffed
into goddamn bags right now!
-I need to understand
why this happened. -JAX: Lin
ordered the hit on my wife.
NERO:
You don't know that.
-You don't know...
-Gemma saw
two of his guys leaving my house
-that night.
-LIN: I had nothing
to do with what happened
with your old lady!
(grunting)
Jackie! Jackie! Jackie!
SWAT team's on its way.
We got to go.
(sirens wailing)
(panting)
Shit.
-JUICE: It was what I had to do.
-Darvany?
-You killed her?
-GEMMA: No more games, Juice.
I'm gonna go home,
I'm gonna pack a bag,
and then I'm gonna drive you
to my dad's place myself.
WENDY:
Hey, hey, hey.
NERO:
You okay to do this?
GEMMA:
Got to be done.
-(tires squealing)
-Damn it!
(thudding)
-Stop running!
-Ah!
(crying)
I trusted you.
Please... don't kill me.
(insects trilling)
(sighs)
They better have cigarettes.
Ow.
(sighing)
Boys.
Here we go.
I'm sorry, ladies.
We made it right.
-Yeah.
(birds chirping)
BOBBY:
Hey.
Can I bum one?
Yeah.
Thanks.
All right.
Where's the rest of the guys?
Working out of TM today.
Jax doesn't want to bring
the business around the kids,
so Rat and Hap will stay here.
Oh. How much longer?
Should be good
by the end of the day.
You doing okay?
I guess.
I see you around the boy.
That should feel good.
Yeah.
It does.
So, what's gonna happen now,
Bobby?
What's gonna come of all this?
Not sure.
Does Jax know?
Doesn't matter.
We're with him.
You love him.
-I can see that.
-(chuckles)
We all do.
You know, I know how rough
it's been
between the two of you.
All the shit that's gone down.
It's just, Jax-- he doesn't have
an outer crust like most of us.
He just lets everything in,
swallows it whole.
The shit just boils in his gut.
Since he was a kid.
Yeah, I know.
I never really knew
what he was feeling.
Until, you know,
it blew up in my face.
It's his heart that drives him.
He does want the best
for both his families, though.
You still love him.
I do.
Oh, girl.
(sighs)
He sees it.
It's not lost.
Wow.
Did you know that Kiki offered
a mint-flavored blow job?
We're looking for
outstanding balances, dickhead.
QUINN: Sheriffs took
all the client books.
JAX: Wives are gonna love
getting that call.
Okay. Set. Okay.
The reunion's all set
with Leland. Meet the AB
at noon, County Road Six,
out by our favorite farm.
Mr. Gerber.
-Gerber. -Why don't you check in
with Jarry?
We'll see what's pressing
with Tyler.
Did he say why he wanted T.O.
there?
I'm guessing it's a black thing.
What's a black thing?
Tyler needs to connect
with us and the Bastards.
About Marks?
That would be the black thing.
-Morning.
-Oh, sorry.
-Morning. Morning, guys.
-Morning. -Morning.
What are we gonna do here, mano?
Hmm?
Clean it up.
Hire new girls.
You really think people are
gonna want to come back here?
Oh, come on.
Guys love pussy, bro.
I mean, we could have left
the bodies on the floor.
They'd still come back.
Too soon?
Hey.
Why don't you stay in Stockton?
Run Colette's end.
No, I'm all right.
I'm gonna call Lyla,
have her bring some
of the girls over here to...
collect what's still
in one piece.
All right.
-Hey, Nero, I'm sorry, man.
-Yeah.
Listen, uh,
Bobby's ordered
some new carpets.
I was thinking we'd get some
of the hang-arounds to come in,
some paint, fix the walls.
Yeah, yeah.
That sounds good. It's good.
(Nero sighs)
Did you hear anything?
Lin is done.
Few of the guys that were left--
they-they split.
I doubt very much the Triads
are gonna bother
with any kind of retaliation
this far up north.
No.
What about Alvarez?
No. I stopped
by the liquor store.
It was locked up tight,
so I'm, uh...
I'm guessing he'll be in touch.
Where's your guys?
You shouldn't be riding alone,
man.
I told 'em to lay low.
Can I put Quinn with you?
I think I'm-I'm a little old
for a babysitter, mano.
I'm sorry, Nero.
I know how much of this
has landed on you
and how hard it's been.
We got your back, brother.
For real.
Who knows?
I may be calling you stepdaddy
soon.
Yeah, and we all know how well
that worked out in the past.
(laughs)
Yeah.
We're a fun family.
All right.
(Nero sniffs)
♪ ♪
(clears throat)
MAN:
Anything else?
I think that's it.
$1.81.
Uh, hey, can I get a pack
of D's, too?
Yellow?
(man clears throat)
(grunting, thudding)
(tires screeching)
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
TYLER: He talked to all
of us-- Niners, East Dub.
August knows what Lin knows.
He can't prove it, but
he's setting up to cut you out.
And by cut me out?
He's gonna kill
all you white boys.
Gonna have to let him know
that's not part of my plan.
Yeah, I'm gonna let you deliver
that message.
So what's his play?
On the streets. He's gonna
take out your support.
The Bastards.
Shit.
-TYLER: Yeah, he's gonna use
East Dub. -JAX: Why not
-the Niners?
-My guess is he's saving us
to take you on.
And if that happens, brother,
we better know
which way to jump.
TIG: The wheelchair bitch
is still in the V.A.
Who's running point
for East Dub now?
Bitch that took out three
of your guys.
-DuLain. -Hell,
that shit ain't gonna happen.
Where's DuLain at now?
That's not my hunt, man.
It is now, brother.
You want to know
which way we jump?
Fast and forward.
I hope you got a plan.
I got guns and manpower.
That's a plan.
I'll track down DuLain,
but you got to take it
from there.
We will.
T.
We're gonna handle East Dub.
You're looking
at my whole table here, man.
We lose another guy, we're just
a few black guys on bikes.
Let me ask you something.
Who in your crew could cut it
in a full OMC?
What do you mean?
You get patched over,
who's gonna make it?
What?
You talking about the Sons?
(chuckles) Listen, last time
I checked, brother,
we're the wrong shade of white.
Just answer the question.
(sighs)
I wouldn't take Sticky.
Too unpredictable.
Menace is solid. Boller, maybe.
Are you-you serious about this?
One miracle at a time.
First we got
to shut down August Marks.
Hell yeah.
Give me a minute.
Ho!
I thought you were with my mom.
Oh, I-I was.
Uh, she had me follow her
halfway up.
Uh, said if she had a problem,
she'd reach out to Rogue River.
You know how she gets.
She hasn't checked in
since last night.
Well, she did with me.
Her, uh, SUV broke down.
I'm-I'm headed up there
to get her now.
Why didn't she call me?
She didn't want to bother you.
She's fine.
Okay.
Well, have her call me
when you get there.
Okay. Oh, hey.
Oh, she wants me to bring Wendy.
Why?
I'm guessing she needs some...
feminine products or such.
(chuckles)
I'm sorry I asked.
All right, well,
as long as Brooke's at Red Woody
to watch the boys.
Okay, yeah.
-All right.
Call Chibs.
Tell him to get here.
All right.
No one rides alone?
Things being what they are.
Which is?
A bit thorny.
What happened in Stockton?
Arresting officers told
the D.A.'s offices
you guys cooperated. Had nothing
to do with the takedown.
Jesus.
If word gets out that we're
cooperating with the D.A.,
it's gonna make things worse
for us.
Well, you should be thankful
you're not in jail, Scotty.
They found two keys
of pure heroin on Lin.
Drugs is not our game.
We were just there
to try to negotiate a peace.
Of course you were.
Who tipped you off?
Whose payroll are the cops on?
Charlie Barosky's?
You share, I share.
Oh.
Understood, Lieutenant.
(phone ringing in distance)
How's Eglee doing?
She's awake but still critical.
-Yeah. -ALTHEA: Is that
a worry for you?
I was raised a Catholic.
Everything's a worry for me.
QUINN:
Chibs!
-We got to get back to TM.
-Okay.
(sighs)
Duty calls.
Right.
Thanks for yesterday.
For the sex or the heads-up?
For the heads-up.
You should be thanking me
for the sex.
(laughs)
Oh, hey, I hear
the D.A.'s getting pressure
to offer Lin a deal.
Get him to flip.
On the Triads?
I doubt it.
It's got to be local.
Call came
from the Oakland City Council.
Shit.
You think they're trying
to get Lin to give up the MC?
I got to go.
(starts engine)
That was the first time
I realized
he wasn't gonna be mine forever.
He never said much
about how he felt.
But I could tell.
It wasn't... it wasn't just
a teenage crush or...
He loved you so much.
That never changed.
Excuse me, ma'am,
you can't smoke in here.
It's a trucker joint, ain't it?
Yeah, but you can't smoke.
What about coffee?
Is that allowed?
Sure.
Are you okay?
Want me to call someone?
Yeah.
The guy
who's gonna pour my coffee.
Got it.
Hey.
Sorry.
Long night.
I get it.
You want something to eat? The
blueberry Danish are homemade.
Yeah. Sounds good.
Okay.
What's your name, sweetheart?
Gertie.
Thank you, Gertie.
Sure.
(rock music playing on radio)
-Does Jarry know who?
-No,
just that the pressure's coming
from Oakland City Council.
Got to be August.
You really think Lin would turn?
-After what we just did to him?
-Marks has that kind of pull?
He's got access
to Pope's weight.
I mean, he's got
to prove himself, but...
Well, how do we stop that shit
from happening?
By showing the upstanding suits
that August Marks is just a
greedy thug in Pope's clothing.
QUINN:
We should head out, brother.
JAX:
Yeah.
Why don't you ride with us.
Where to?
-Nazi powwow.
-I mean, you may have
to hide in the back of the bus,
but...
That's cool. We'll just keep
our white hoods on.
Come on.
Heard you're looking for
a few Mexicans to help clean up.
Nah, man,
I think we got it covered.
Why don't you ask the ladies
to step out.
Diosas, go wait in the kitchen.
Yeah?
It's okay.
I'm just working here, Marcus.
Yeah, me, too, ése.
I was looking for you
this morning.
Yeah? Why's that?
Let you know
what went down with Lin.
I know what went down with Lin.
He got busted with two kilos
of heroin.
-Barosky's cops.
-The Sons set him up.
-You know anything about that?
-I know all about it.
So do you.
Lin killed Teller's wife.
Gemma saw the Chinese leaving
Jax's house that night.
Convenient your bitch
is the only witness, huh?
You should tell
your junkyard dog,
he makes another comment
like that,
I'm gonna cut him a new smile.
(clanging)
ALVAREZ:
Cálmate.
What am I supposed to do now,
Nero, huh?
Lin sat there and gave me
an ultimatum, man.
Either I bring him Jax
or he was gonna kill me
and go after my kid.
So it was my problem.
I wasn't gonna bring you
into that, Marcus.
I believe Teller. I'm not saying
how he went about it was right,
but, uh, I had to make a choice,
¿qué no?
And I did.
(phone vibrating)
ALVAREZ: I've known you
for a long time, carnal.
But this reads as betrayal
to my crew.
I got to handle it accordingly.
(Oso speaks indistinctly)
Oso.
(speaking quietly)
Hey, you're coming with us, huh?
You drive him, huh?
-Where?
-To my office.
Hey, don't make this harder
than it already is, huh?
Let's go.
JAX:
Yo. Why don't you wait here.
-Shouldn't be too long.
-All right.
LELAND:
Well, well, well.
You bring another police escort?
Just us bad guys.
JAX: We had nothing to do
with the sheriffs.
Of course, you gunned them down,
so now
they're everyone's problem.
We hear the bitch lived.
Yeah, unfortunately.
But she is critical
and not talking.
And if she does?
Well, if she does...
then we'll take care of her.
JAX:
Did you talk to Tully?
LELAND: Yeah.
How the hell did the Chinks
-steal your heroin?
-TIG: Uh-uh.
Technically,
it was their heroin.
They just stole it back.
Yeah, and now it belongs
to the Sanwa D.A.
Look, we want
to make this right, man.
We can sell you guns.
As many as you want.
Nah. See...
I deal drugs, not gats.
The niggers and the wetbacks
got a choke hold on heroin.
You promised us two keys.
That H fell into our laps.
-(phone ringing)
-And we did Tully a solid
-by sending it his way.
-Yeah, and he's already
made arrangements based
on that solid.
What, credit in Stockton?
Yeah.
Set in motion a lot of favors.
(sighs)
Jesus Christ.
That was Danny.
He's on his way in. Said there's
a pack of coons on Harleys
sitting at the turnoff.
LELAND:
What the hell is that?
They're with us.
Maybe you're planning
a little... payback ambush?
Or maybe I'm just a white guy
who's not living in 1956.
(hawks, spits)
I'm gonna talk to Tully.
Yeah, you do that.
I hate these Nazi pigs.
(grunts)
(punches landing, grunting)
(gunshot)
Come on, man.
That ain't necessary.
Just a friendly little fight.
Come on.
Put 'em away.
What's the matter?
What, you afraid
to put down the gun, bitch?
(both chuckle)
(grunting)
♪ ♪
What time is it?
It's, uh, noon. Little past.
Thank you.
Sorry about hogging your table.
Oh, no worries.
My station's half empty anyway.
GEMMA:
Mmm.
I'm taking a smoke break.
You want to join me?
Absolutely.
You married?
I was. Five years ago.
(chuckles)
When you were ten?
When I was pregnant.
Right.
Boy?
Yeah. John.
It was my dad's name.
It's a good name.
Can I ask
who you were talking to?
Uh, before you put out
the smoke, you were...
Yeah.
Just myself.
Exhaustion.
You were talking
about someone being in love.
Sounded sweet.
Yeah.
My son.
Lost his wife recently.
We were close.
I'm sorry.
How'd she die?
It was my fault.
I-I didn't mean to pry.
It's done now.
Can't stop it.
Can't stop what?
It's just life, right?
(sighs): That's my, uh...
Honda over there.
Keys are on the tire.
You want to... lay down in
the backseat and get some rest?
Appreciate that, sweetheart.
My ride will be here soon.
Okay.
Yeah, you're a good girl.
I saw that right away.
Your kid's lucky.
(door squeaks open)
(restaurant door closes)
(Nero speaks Spanish)
Hey.
You're kidding me
with this shit, right?
Till I find out
where I'm at with the Sons.
Come on, Marcus.
Hey, no one asked you
to referee this fight, ése.
You volunteered.
Come on, homes.
MAN: Inside.
(padlock clunking)
What the hell happened?
Just working shit out
with Hitler Youth.
(engines idling)
(door opens)
OSO:
He's here.
ALVAREZ:
What do you want?
(door closes)
My club wants me dead.
I need to get to Mexico.
Safe passage, full I.D.
What makes you think
I'd help you?
(paper bag crinkling)
A little under two grand...
-(keys clacking)
-...2013 Navigator.
OSO:
That ain't shit, man.
There's an APB out on you.
I'll give you any intel
you want on SAMCRO.
(engines turn off)
Oye.
Your guy wouldn't let us
wait inside.
What do you want?
Alvarez wants to talk.
You should follow us.
CHIBS (chuckles):
Yeah.
I don't think so.
We got someone
you been looking for.
Ortiz.
What do you want with Juice?
Oh, don't want anything.
He came to us.
I'll leave one of my guys here.
Good faith.
(Gemma sighs)
-(Unser grunts)
-I told you to come alone.
WENDY:
I would have.
We're still on lockdown.
What the hell happened?
What do you think?
Juice freaked out.
Pulled a gun, made me head east.
Kicked me out at Salt Springs.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
You okay?
GEMMA:
I had a gun in my face,
now I just walked 12 miles
in spiked boots,
so no, I'm not really okay.
Can I get anyone anything?
I'm fine, sweetheart.
Uh, coffee, please.
No, thanks.
Where's your restroom?
Uh, through the back,
second door on the left.
Now, tell me what
really happened, Gem.
I told you.
Juice was unraveled,
but you were
the only lifeline he had.
What happened?
Did you kill him?
No.
He kicked me out of the car.
I thought he was gonna kill me.
Well, that don't make sense.
You ain't a threat.
I mean, if you ratted him out,
Jax would find out
you helped him.
Look, it don't matter why.
He couldn't pull the trigger.
This time.
GERTIE:
There you go.
-UNSER: Thank you.
-GERTIE: Sure.
Henry Lin was arrested
on drug charges last night.
D.A. knows he's been warring
with the MC.
This is how we tie him
to Tara's murder.
You just...
got to tell the sheriff
what you saw at Jax's house
that night.
I'm not talking to the cops.
You tell Jarry or I do.
Either way,
she's gonna get your statement.
What the hell
are you doing, Wayne?
The right thing.
For a change.
GEMMA:
Let's go.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Give the old guy the bill.
(music playing)
(Juice sighs)
When's he gonna be back?
Oso had to take it
to his table.
You remember how that works,
don't you?
Yeah.
(door opens)
Shit. What the hell is this?
ALVAREZ:
Relax.
They're just some old friends.
How'd he get here?
Showed up at the store.
Wanting to trade club secrets
for a one-way ticket
to Puerto Vallarta.
Big move.
What do you want?
ALVAREZ:
Lin getting picked up...
casa's rethinking
our alliances.
Now, we know you've been
chopping 'em down.
And we know why.
We knew nothing about him going
after your old lady.
I believe that.
So what happens now, Marcus?
I want the gun business.
(Jax exhales)
That's Irish business.
It's not mine to give.
ALVAREZ:
You gave it to Marks.
Tell the IRA
you changed your mind.
With Oso's charter in place,
we can offer you
everything black does.
(lighter clinking)
If I were to do that...
I'd need more than just Juice.
How much more?
JAX:
I need you to give the AB
a piece of the prison trade.
Takes care of a debt to Tully.
Let 'em distribute in Stockton.
The Niners are breaking away
from Pope's tit.
Tyler's on board
to take down Marks.
You split Lin's heroin turf
with Tyler fifty-fifty.
That's gonna triple any hit
you take from the AB.
How do we handle Marks?
We take him out.
Together.
When that's done,
I'll do the dance
with the Irish Kings.
Be the white face
on the brown machine.
All right.
Talk to Tully.
Take it to your table.
We'll do the same.
If it works out, we got a deal.
And a truce.
Yeah.
And you get your traitor back.
Take that cut off him.
Let's go.
ALVAREZ:
Pull his cut.
(Juice coughs, grunts)
(panting)
(grunting)
Oh, shit.
You better start
the conversation.
You already know it.
Shit I told you that night
about Darvany.
I betrayed my club.
So what are you doing
in a Mayan closet?
Tried to buy a ride
to the border.
That didn't go as planned, huh?
JUICE:
No.
Why the hell you here?
Price of playing
in the wrong backyard.
I helped Jax bring down Lin.
For killing Tara.
Yeah.
Does Gemma know about that?
I'm-I'm not sure.
Why?
What's Gemma
got to do with Tara?
Doesn't matter.
(sighs)
I'm sorry about Darvany.
Yeah, Juice, well,
you need to tell her son that,
who's still alive.
I ain't gonna be
telling anyone anything.
This is death row, brother.
You sure about that?
JUICE:
Club rule.
It has to happen.
(sighs)
I deserve it.
So why you running?
Because...
I'm a coward.
-(door shuts)
-You own the room?
I'm not sure
there's enough dog code
to explain what I got to say.
TULLY:
Yeah, we're alone.
I assume you heard from Leland.
What do you think?
What happened to the two bricks?
I used 'em to flush out Lin.
It went a little south.
I made a lot of promises
based on that delivery.
So I hear.
So how are we gonna
fix that?
It's already fixed.
I just sat down
with Marcus Alvarez.
We settled our differences.
He's agreed to give you
the H trade in Stockton.
Mayans supply, AB distributes.
TULLY: We don't like mixing
race with business.
Who you kidding, Tully?
You don't give a shit
about race.
The only color you see is green.
It's my job
to maintain the brand.
Right.
All right.
You bring a sample
of the H to Leland.
If he's cool with it,
I'll make it work.
I'm gonna want something
in return.
Lin will most likely
start his sentence here.
Parole violations.
I'm gonna need access to him.
I'm not asking you
to take him out,
just to facilitate.
Well, why don't we burn
that cross when we get to it?
All right.
TULLY:
Listen, Leland has a problem
with your love
of all things dark.
If we want this relationship
to move forward,
we're gonna have to convince him
that he can trust you.
And how do I do that?
You're a bright white boy.
Figure it out.
(knocking)
(sighs)
(door shuts)
That was Teller.
It's coming together.
Call your guys.
Sons are gonna need some backup.
And cut Nero loose, huh?
MAN:
Nero.
I'm sorry it had
to go down like this, huh?
Me, too.
So we good here, Marcus?
Yeah.
Ain't no bad blood.
That Gemma's ride?
Not anymore.
That's what Juice showed up in.
It's to cover our holding fee.
What's gonna happen
with him, man?
That's Teller's call.
OSO:
Lowrider's outside.
(speaks Spanish)
Hey.
T.O.:
Where's Jax?
He's on club business.
He's on his way back.
What about Nero?
Not here, no.
You should head back
to Red Woody.
I'm gonna wait for Jax.
And the other thing?
After I talk to my son.
(motorcycles approaching)
How the hell did Unser find out
about the Chinese?
The sheriffs must have
gotten it on the streets.
Nero's guys, Bastards, Niners.
Guess it's out there.
Yeah.
(Jax groans)
Jarry's been pressing us on it.
(Gemma exhales)
Unser wants me to tell her.
You got to do it.
We don't talk to cops.
She's on the dime, Mom.
(exhales)
This could help us.
The D.A. is trying to flip Lin.
If they have him on the murder
of a doctor and a mother...
they're not gonna
give him a deal.
Shit.
Okay, baby.
Can Quinn go with?
I can't spare him.
Have Unser take you.
(Jax sighs)
GEMMA:
All right.
Are you okay?
You look like hell.
That's where I'm living,
Jackson.
(Jax sighs)
GEMMA:
Hey.
Let's go.
(engine starts)
(Jax sighs)
Tyler found DuLain.
All right.
Sure you want to do this now?
Yeah.
(indistinct radio transmission)
I want you
and your shithole trailer
off my lot.
Gemma...
And stay here with your friends.
I'm taking a cab.
Now I know who your source is.
This is a big win, Wayne.
You should feel good about it.
Yeah.
Feels great.
Eglee's been taken
off the critical list.
She's been asking to see you.
Okay. Thanks.
♪ ♪
DuLAIN:
Shit.
-(gunfire stops)
-All right!
All right.
You DuLain?
Yeah.
Nice Impala.
Good?
Yeah.
(T.O. sighs)
(motorcycles approaching)
(engines turn off)
(van's engine turns off)
(door opens)
(door closes)
JAX:
Talked to Tully.
So did I.
Here you go.
I ain't touching nothing
that touched the hands
of a nigger lover.
Okeydoke.
(Jax sighs)
This is so you know
we can be trusted.
Holy shit.
SCOOT:
You kill all them?
CHIBS:
Aye. Just for you.
Who are they?
Really?
Does it matter?
They were black.
Now they're dead.
You want 'em?
Target practice or something?
SCOOT:
You serious?
Yeah, man, we didn't ask you
to go all Newtown.
This shit is your problem.
Give me the H.
(sniffs)
Yeah, that's pretty good.
I'll let Tully know.
SCOOT:
All right.
MAN:
Yeah.
MAN 2:
Let's go.
I think we scared them.
Another victory
for race relations.
We're running out of room
at Chigger Woods.
They're not going to the woods.
(sighing)
WENDY:
Hey.
I got to get back to Red Woody,
put Abel to bed.
You should come, Gem.
Too many people.
I can't do it right now.
(tires squeal)
Where you been?
Visiting friends.
(Nero exhales)
What?
Wha...
Oh, I just spent me some quality
time bonding with Juice.
Where?
NERO:
In a Mayan closet.
This whole thing with Lin--
I'm with Jax on it.
Alvarez has a problem with that.
Oh, Christ.
NERO:
No, not to worry, mama.
Fences are all mended.
SAMCRO and the Mayans
worked shit out.
How did...
Juice get to be...
Juice was trying
to sell club intel...
in exchange for
free passage to Mexico.
Using your SUV as a deposit.
Were you helping him hide out?
(Gemma sighs)
Where's Juice now?
NERO:
Wherever Jax is.
Part of that MC truce was
handing over the traitor.
(Gemma panting)
You were helping him.
I know.
NERO:
You were...
I know.
Yeah.
If... (sniffles)
If he tells Jax what he knows...
(sniffles)
(crying)
(Gemma crying)
(monitor beeping)
UNSER:
How you feeling, sweetheart?
I'm okay.
I need some help, Wayne.
What's going on?
I have to tell you
what happened.
UNSER:
With the shooting?
And who was there.
To our renewed friendship, huh?
The way it should be.
Come on.
Yeah, let's get out of here.
(van door closes)
(engine starts)
Just for the record,
even if we couldn't make a deal,
I would've never made one
with a rat.
Thank you, brother.
(Juice sighs)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org